voting-body: cheatsheet (#143)
near-ndc/voting-v1: voting_body/README.md

- **Near Consent:** quorum=(7% of the voting body) + **simple majority**=50%.
- **Near Supermajority Consent**: quorum=(12% of the voting body) + **super majority**=60%.

## Cheat Sheet

### Creating a Budget Approval proposal

1. HoM must create a Budget Proposal and approve it.
2. CoA must not veto it.

> 3. Once cooldown is over (cooldown starts once the proposal is internally approved), and it was not veto, then it's finalized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once cooldown is over (cooldown starts once the proposal is internally approved), and it was not vetoed, then it's finalized.
```

4. Any human can can now create a VB Text proposal, referencing original HoM Budget proposal, example:
   ```shell
   near call IAH_REGISTRY is_human_call \
   '{"ctr": "VB.near", "function": "create_proposal", "payload": "{\"kind\": {\"ApproveBudget\": {\"dao\": \"HOM.near\", \"prop_id\": 12}}, \"description\": \"ADDITIONAL INFORMATION\"}"}' \
   --accountId YOU \
   --depositYocto $pre_vote_bond
   ```

> 5. Now we need to advance the proposal to the active queue. The easiest way is to ask any Congress member (HoM or other house) to support it. Below, `prop_id` must be the id of the proposal created above, and `dao` must be the house address a callers is member of (eg: `congress-hom-v1.ndc-gwg.near`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Now we need to advance the proposal to the active queue. The easiest way is to ask any Congress member (HoM or other house) to support it. Below, `prop_id` must be the id of the proposal created above, `dao` must be the house address and the caller is member of (eg: `congress-hom-v1.ndc-gwg.near`).
```
